Everyone, welcome back to the Section.
So here what we have, we have flaws.
The problem statement is that there are no flowers arranged in a row for each eye.
The height and beauty of the white flower from the left is actually any eight eight.
So we have height, edge and beauty.
Of the ideas flow from the left.
So actually the flowers are arranged in a line, basically.
Oh.
Here.
Okay, here.
All the heights are distinct, so it's important to note that all the heights are distinct.
And then I'll give you a follow problem after this.
Where it won't be distinct.
Ain't no DA is pulling out some flowers so that the following condition is met.
So he's actually taking out the flowers.
The height of the remaining flowers, which are not pulled out, are monotonically increasing from left
to right.
Right.
Okay.
The maximum possible.
Some of the result of remaining flowers.
Okay.
So basically.
Thoreau is pulling out some lovers and it's not told how many flowers or which flowers.
Philip.
Pullout.
But these are conditions that whatever he pulls out of the flower, he takes out the remaining flowers
which are there.
They hide should be monitored, organically increase, monotonically increasing means they should be
strictly increasing.
And of course it will always be strictly increasing because all the heights are distinct.
We don't have to do that.
Three trees, nothing like that.
Find the maximum possible some of your remaining followers.
So basically we have to find the maximum possible sum of beauties and not the height.
We have to find the maximum possible sum of beauties of the remaining flowers.
It means the remaining flowers, which are in the monotonically order.
They won't do.
Any artist should have the maximum.
Some of it is a two, for example, this 3142 are the height and then 23 for the other beauties, eight
here.
Okay.
First of all, this problem is kind of related to the longest increasing subsequent problem.
I hope you all have gone through that problem.
It's a very easy problem.
Eight And it's also a very general problem longest in reading, subsequent in the literature that we're
not exactly seen wisely.
What we have to see is we have to find an increasing sequence rate from three one, four, two.
How many increasing sequence can we have?
We're going to have three is increasing sequence one, four, two or we can have three, four is increasing
sequence.
We can have one, four.
We can have one, two.
Eight.
Is there any other?
No.
Eight.
We have these mining reading sequences.
In the.
Above the attrition rate before this above situation.
For this above area, if I take only three as an ingredient sequence, I'll have ten as a beauty.
If I take one, I have to be.
If I take four, I have 30.
And if I do, too, I have 40.
Well, but if I take three fold, then it becomes ten less 38 because I'm digging to lose some of your
raises.
40.
If I take one four, that means it is 20 plus 30, which is give me 50.
And if I take one two, it will give me 20 plus 40, which is 60.
The sum of your days, right?
So what's the maximum among all the beauties that I can have if I only want increasing sequences?
These are including sequences.
If we don't have to worry about the longest in sequence, we have to find an increase in sequence which
gives the maximum beauty.
Well, I hope you are getting this.
How is it kind of related to reading sequences?
What is the maximum we can get.
60 is the maximum.
So 60, isn't it?
Similarly here we can only take one.
Ten will be the answer.
So here the sum of them should be the answer, because all they're all in in increasing order.
And if I have to find the maximum when the number is negative, it means I can take any of these numbers.
I have to take all of these numbers and then I add all of them.
And this is another example on which we can try it.
And I think, well, so this is like an explanation for the problem, guys.
Now let's understand how to solve this problem.
So if if not, I want you to be familiar with that last problem because I am not explaining that part
here.
What is the longest including sequence and how does it work?
Well.
Well, I uses a very standard, dynamic programming problem.
Any reprogramming problem, which gives you an idea about sequences how to apply the new programming
on problems with sequences.
Okay, so now at least what we used to have, we used to have a long list, increasing sequence, and
we had many TV relations alliances already being discussed in the deep section eight.
So.
Yep.
Now.
Okay.
So in L.A. latest, what we had is we had a DVD installation and of course, we'll be discussing kind
of similar to that here.
But if you're new to L.A., I would strongly suggest you look very, very strongly just you do like
go religious first, understand it, deeply understand it, how does it work?
And then come back to this foundation, because it is one step above of L.A. is it will be using kind
of similar dining programming solution.
But here's another step which is height.
And for that, we need to do some calculations made to let me.
Okay.
So let's do this part, right?
Let me copy the N word quickly.
So here we have nine.
2583.
6179.
It's a these these are the agile values.
Is the next one.
It is six it.
8463575.
Well, so.
Earlier we had a temperature, the height values, and this is beauties.
So we're really represented by ice.
Yeah.
Maybe is.
Eight.
So this is the input and the days of Lent nine, of course.
Now, guys, we really try to like.
Makes it over the place.
So here what we'll have is we will have debate.
That means.
The maximum beauty.
Maximum beauty of a sequence.
From.
Let's make some indexes from zero or let's say one.
We're digging one with indexing from 1 to 8.
So here, DPA will represent the third that I'm trying to make and I'll explain it to you.
But if you have understood it, yes, then it becomes very easy for you.
The maximum beauty of a sequence from one do either from the prefix at a delay.
If the sequence, Anthony.
If the sequins aren't.
On.
I.
Well, if this sequence ends and I if it ends on DPA, if it ends on the Iot index rate.
So it is an index, you know, just a pull.
So DBA is a maximum yield of a sequence from a wave, the sequence engine.
And they say, okay, so let's figure out what should be the possible solutions.
Okay.
So let's talk about the first index.
Let me index it.
Right now, I'm just going over the solution.
I think it's I'm just figuring out how does it work?
So for the first ten days ago, March is the maximum beauty.
If the sequence from 1 to 1 ends on one, it should be six because we can only include one element there,
which is six.
The next one is to wait.
Let's come on in next to the four index to what we have.
We have the height of index.
Two is two eight.
So so tell me again, if a sequence ends on index two with height two, is there any other sequence?
Is there any other ending which it provides two Does it extend any other or any other ending extended
the right word that does this to extend any other ending?
You can only extend any other ending.
That means later there was a sequence which ended on one with height one eight.
Then only two can extend this sequence by adding its own beauty value to that one.
Late.
But right now here we can see that.
Yes.
To the left of two.
There is only one element which is four and four is greater than two.
They took two can not extend forward.
If a sequence ended on four, it cannot be extended to two.
Two cannot be added behind four eight.
So what will be the maximum answer?
It will be eight.
Let's talk about index three here.
Index three has a height of five and.
The beauty value of it.
Well, if index three has a height of five, that means then it cannot extend the view.
The sequence which ended on two.
Yes, it can extend a sequence which ended onto can Kennedy extend the sequence which ended on four,
which is on the first index?
Yes, it can also extend that right by beginning because we want monotonically increasing rate.
So two five can be a valid sequence of two heights and four or five can also be a valid sequence of
two, eight, eight.
So again, it extend to in Canada extend for.
Yes, it can extend both.
Now, is this guy five year?
The third index?
It has two options.
And we want the maximum beauty.
So which one should it extend?
Should it extend to and then five?
Or should it extend four and then five?
Of course, it should extend whichever provides him the best ending.
It will only extend the dining, which is the maximum rate which is already providing the maximum,
but two is providing it with it.
The maximum ending which ends on two is eight and which ends on forward is six.
Which one should it extend?
It should extend to five because it.
Is Maxim from six in eight.
So eight plus eight is 6 to 8 plus it is 16.
So we are adding these two values.
Well, because this was a maximum ending.
Eight out of all the available endings.
It has to see that these are the endings in which it can extend what those endings be, whose edge of
jail.
It's quality.
Yeah.
Let me later also.
What we have is days less than I if I'm talking about day.
Then if it's days also less than a day, then only it can extend the value of dpkg.
They the value, the maximum beauty of a sequence which ends on index g.
So the API will be equal to maximum off.
BP is.
Eight and we're days less than I am at today's less than a day.
Also.
Labor's maxim of DVDs, plus its own beauty value, which is I hope there is no problem with this recursive
relation right now.
Similarly, let's move on to the food index.
So here what it has is it has an ending of 8 to 8, can extend five.
It can extend.
Okay.
Let me raise this.
It can extend five.
Yes, it can extend can be extended by two.
It can be extended by four.
Well, what is the best option for it?
If I gives him an ending of 16.
Who gives an ending of it.
And this and the six gives it's the best ending of the food gives it the very best ending of six.
The maximum among them is 16.
Some of you might be wondering that, okay, if it extends by that means if it extends five, that means
five to extend to.
Right.
That means it is kind of extending to.
But as I've already mentioned in the beginning of the series, we don't worry about two transitions.
We only take care of one transition.
That transition take it takes care of the another subsequent transition, right?
So the two transitions are taken into consideration.
Of course, guys will do is back in the end.
You'll understand it very thoroughly.
No problem with that.
Well, so here for it.
What it has is the best ending out of all the available endings too can be a good ending.
Five can be a good ending.
Four can be a good ending.
So the maximum among them is 16.
16 plus four against me.
Wouldn't be the best possible maximum sequence for it is if a sequence ends on it is 20.
I hope you got this point.
Now let's move on to the next part, which is three what?
Three only?
We have one element which is smaller than three bridges.
Two.
The only two can provide a valid ending to three.
So three can only extend two.
It has no option.
It can take it plus six, which will give him 14.
This was about three.
Why not?
Why?
Why not forward?
Because all of them are greater than 38.
And of course, guys will trace back each and every.
Index.
Well, now for six guys or six for what can be a good ending.
You can be a good ending.
Five can be a good ending and three can be a good ending and not it is greater than six.
Which of them is giving six the best ending?
It is 16 on five, eight.
So six, 16.
Plus trees 19.
Four six.
The best ending is that the maximum is 19 because it is extending the sequence which ended on five.
That is it index 3147.
Again, we have one before when no one can give you the best ending.
On the left of it.
Why?
Because all of them are greater than one five.
Only or seven.
We can have six as the word ending.
We can also be a good ending.
Five can be a good ending.
One can be a good ending.
Two can be ending in four can be only.
Eight cannot be a good ending.
So what is the maximum it is 1997 is drawn b six.
Well, I hope yours is lead checking that.
How is this answer being formed?
This is 26 and now finally we have nine.
So for nine again, we go back and check what are what are the elements, what are the heights which
are less than nine, although it is a nine on the left of it.
So what's the best ending we get from 26 and 26 plus five is 31.
Was.
Okay.
What should be the final answer?
Should it be?
Should the sequence end on the last element?
Nor should it.
And on the second last element?
No, it cannot anywhere.
Right.
What is the final answer for the whole area?
What is the maximum?
Beauty of the sequence which ended on any of these places.
It can end on any of the places.
It's not necessarily it will end on night.
Of course, we are getting the pollution right now for nine.
The best possible answer for nine.
But it's not necessary.
It can.
It anywhere will.
So.
This is what we the complexity of this.
Let's discuss about this in the next part.
When we call this out will be using advanced resources which had already been introduced introduced
to you in the course in the segment dissection.
You can check it out first.
And in this release, you realize it.
How can use this?
How if you segmented how it becomes so easy for us to put this problem in because.
Okay, I'll explain that.
Don't worry about it.
I hope this trip is fine with you.
And again, just go back and check out Delta Airlines problem if you haven't already at age 31, we
are getting you.
Yeah.
So it's 31.
Well, it stays back, as I said, will trace back to the.
Where did this nine come from?
This nine came from the seven.
This seven came from in a787 as WD value, but only six minus seven is 19.
So which is giving it the 19?
This one.
It came from this.
Now this six.
It has 1990 only 16.
So this comes from this particular location, which is three.
And this three.
It comes from two.
But this is the sequence which has eight plus 1633.
Eight plus eight plus three plus seven plus five.
And the heights are two, three, six, eight, nine, nine.
Always how with 2368293, six, eight and nine flavors from the left and the maximum values 21.
So now where did we get this five days?
Where did we get this five?
So it started from its own location.
Let me market as with some of the color.
And this particular 14 this but this 14 starts from this eight eight.
But this is also coming from this particular bit, which is to aid similarly destroying the destroying
days coming from 16.
And this is individual, right?
It's not coming.
It's not extending anything.
But here, what we can say is this five extends two.
Then this six extends five.
This one extends six.
27 extends six and then nine extends seven eight.
Don't get confused with indexes and heights because both of them up in rotations from one twin will
and they expert will call it out.
Thank you, Grace.